Security researchers discovered vulnerabilities in the telematic systems, automotive APIs, and supporting infrastructure of several OEMs. Security researcher Sam Curry shared the research and exploitation processes on his blog. According to the blog, vulnerabilities were found in an undisclosed AT&T system that could allow attackers to send and receive text messages, retrieve live geolocations, and disable SIM cards in Tesla, Subaru, Toyota, Lexus, Ford, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Land Rover, Mazda, Volvo, Honda, BMW, and Cruise vehicles, potentially posing a cyber security risk to millions of vehicle owners. They discovered vulnerabilities in Kia, Honda, Infiniti, Nissan, and Acura vehicles that allowed them to remotely perform actions such as locking and unlocking the vehicles, starting and stopping the engine, and accessing personal information. Additionally, they could remotely take over accounts and access PII such as full names, phone numbers, email addresses, and physical addresses. They accessed internal mission-critical applications in Mercedes-Benz and could execute remote code and cause memory leaks leading to the disclosure of employees' and customers' PII and account access. For Hyundai and Genesis, similar vulnerabilities were found but accessed using the victim's email address. Vulnerabilities in BMW and Rolls Royce's authentication systems were found that allowed access to employee applications and dealer portals. They identified a lack of access control for Ferrari and could create, modify, and delete employee administrator accounts and modify Ferrari-owned web pages through the content management system. They also found that they could add HTTP routes on the Ferrari API and view existing routes and secrets. They could disclose customer PII at Ford and access tokens for tracking and executing commands on vehicles. They could also take over customer accounts via improper URL parsing, which allowed them to access victim accounts, including vehicle portals. For Reviver, they could gain administrative access to manage all user accounts and vehicles for all Reviver connected vehicles. For Porsche, they managed to retrieve vehicle location, send vehicle commands, and retrieve customer information via vulnerabilities affecting the vehicle Telematics service. For Toyota, a vulnerability in Toyota Financial service was found, and by exploiting it, the PII of any Toyota financial customers could be disclosed. For JLR, they discovered a vulnerability in user accounts that discloses the PII of vehicle owners. For SiriusXM, they found a vulnerability that gave them the ability to retrieve all files, including what appeared to be user databases, source code, and config files.
